# Generating true Random Numbers for Stock Price Prediction

## Prerequisites
- Setting up a Python environment using e.g. conda, see tutorial [here](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/getting-started.html)
- Setting up Jupyter Lab, see tutorial [here](https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/getting_started/installation.html)

## Content & How To
Provided are two exemplary Jupyter notebooks demonstrating how to use random numbers generated by a quantum computer in a toy use case of stock price prediction.
Also included is, according to the PlanQK user code template, the source code of the underlying service within the `src` folder, as well as associated files (inputs and an API description).  

In order to run either the notebooks or the service locally, you should first run the following in your active environment
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
In order to get an idea of the use case, you should now be able to start the `rng_local.ipynb` notebook by running
```
juypter lab rng_local.ipynb
```
This notebook imports the main logic from the service within `src/program.py` and further processes the results obtained from it. 

`rng_platform.ipynb` is basically a copy of the same notebook except that it replaces the locally running service with the necessary commands to communicate with a service on the platform and retrieve results from it.
It was created with an already existing service and application, which is to be replaced by your own. 
In order to do this, follow the steps described in [this](https://docs.platform.planqk.de/en/latest/platform_instructions/service_platform.html#deploy-services-on-the-planqk-platform) tutorial, which describes the deployment process of any service via the PlanQK platform.
The file you have to provide is zip-file containing the `src` folder, as well `requirements.txt` and `openapi-spec.yml`.

If you successfully deployed the service, you should publish it internally and subscribe to it from within a (new or existing) application (as described [here](https://docs.platform.planqk.de/en/latest/platform_instructions/service_platform.html#subscribing-to-services-using-applications)).
By doing so, you should be able to follow the steps within `rng_platform.ipynb` and be able to execute the service from within the notebook. Either start the notebook from within Jupyterlab, if it is still active or type
```
jupyter lab rng_platform.ipynb
```
Therein, replace the credentials with the one of your own application, which is subscribed to the service.